go enjoy it mate this man is on the
phone and there's a good chance that
he's talking about West Ham United the
location by the way is not accidental
he's at West Ham's home ground Upton
Park a place you could regard as his
second home in Hornchurch an eastern
suburb to London you'll find his private
home but the Hammers as West Ham also is
called is still very present part of my
family which name is my life it really
is you know you
we were people through this said I don't
know and I don't care really you know
the market had better offing about
football weekend and you know who we
bought her who we sold and you know
we're here to follow 46 year old Dennis
Lapine and 80 other West Ham supporters
on an away trip to the fourth round tie
in the FA Cup against Hartlepool United
tickets from last season these people
here Travis on the couch it's not
exaggerating to call Dennis one of the
most passionate and loyal West Ham
supporters around just take his son as
an example and you'll get a proof of
Dennis's love for the Hammers my true
son time is actually Billy hammer the
pain we named him after Billy Billy was
after Billy bonds right West End captain
then a true legend and had my obviously
after the hammers and he's fine about
that you know I'm a natural face got a
to know himself with to cross stands on
his chest with Billy hammer the poet so
you know he's he's quite over there now
for more than 35 years dennis has
followed West Ham all over England and
Europe and throughout the years he has
collected hundreds of match programs
especially the programs from the 1975-76
season where West Ham reached the final
in what was then known as the European
Cup Winners Cup has a high value well
this is the father against Anderlecht in
Brussels that was the European Cup
Winners Cup and we've got baby there
to say off it was for two wasn't it yeah
it was fought so we've got beep there
then then it's just a den här woman den
här we went to dinner Hulk nolan's you
know they said I attract Frankfort this
is actually a program there was a
newspaper but she's there for free Cup
Finals West Ham has never won the
English Championship but it has won the
FA Cup three times and the world's
oldest tournament as therefore a special
place in the hearts of the West Ham
supporters this picture is made with the
FA Cup we beat the Arsenal one nil May
1980 it means a lot because I remembers
noon outside the 1990 especially when we
won the cup when we bought the cup back
then cities in the London would be
hostile by their main rivals and that
one give us a chance to win deck I am a
toll you know we was in the second
division that so I'm Arsenal were flying
they were flying in Europe it's Saturday
it's match day and it's very early time
there is 4 a.m. in the morning and right
through article
for the last four years Denis has been
organizing trips to Westham away games
this morning two coaches are leaving for
Hartlepool and with a six hours long
journey ahead of them the supporters
have enough time to talk about their
passion for West Ham and explain why
they get up in the middle of the night
to travel 300 miles to see a match for
me it's not it's not about the 11 prize
you know you don't have enough it would
apply these people I've known over 30
years that I always say a good phrase
and you know nobody around for another
30 years it gives me a break from the
mundane things that we all have to go
through every day to be honest and it is
something to look forward to every week
that breaks away from the norm every day
and it's an opportunity to see your
friends on a regular basis
drink with them socialize with them and
you're talking to people to understand
exactly are you film well now we were
right here at Sony article deliver the
game from Germany but we're now you know
who sue Evans around 1-thousand West Ham
supporters have made the journey to
Victoria Park in Hartlepool
West Ham normally plays two leads higher
than the host but it's not until five
minutes before the break you see the
difference between the two sides
now we're going to go market now I'll
pick with a bison football there in
Estonia now and you know we're survivors
yeah
in the second half west hand control the
game completely and without sweating too
much they get a comfortable two mil wing
and a police in the fifth round of the
FA Cup it wasn't the best two games but
in him we've got the resultant we second
off we suffer a little bit you know the
first opener to go margin money really
so the other still frozen estimating
finger immediately after the match it's
back on the coaches and while the police
are securing a safe exit it's time to
make status it was fun I mean is he go
granted never been to before he's cut
out the sphere you know small local team
their fans are up for it we're that way
for a giggle you know Goodwin had a
couple of saves to make and they weren't
really sort of saves that stretched him
overall I think the quality told we kept
the ball well and rolled on the next
round
Wibbly here we come I think we might
have a run in the company CEO who face
used to throw quite well we've been
performing well in the league
and I think things are coming together
quite nicely for us at the moment
another away trip is over
we're back now
you know we started out at 4 o'clock
this morning so we've been on the go for
16 hours
they've already good day and that's it
to Sally
we're waving said they were asked on
shelling we take too far so every day's